Since joining the computer science field, I've had lots of different interests.
For instance, I didn't really know what web design was, but
when I started to learn what cascading style sheets were and how to
put blocks on the screen and, you know, what a website was and how
to read from a server, as I started to understand these things, like,
"Oh, you know, that seems kind of interesting. Maybe I'll be a web
designer." And then, you start to learn about, like, the operating
system and I realize, like, what scheduling is, there's lots of stuff
about operating systems and I decided, "Oh hey, let's run away from
that because it's not for me." The more things I learned about computer
science, the more focused I became in what it is I wanted to
do. I always knew I liked to play games and after I started learning
about what designers do, I finally focused in on that aspect of computer
science, which is, I'm not the best programmer, there are programmers
much better than me, I'm not the best artist, obviously, you
know, those people with graphic design, you know, they do their own
thing but what I did like to do is, kind of, go to a whiteboard, draw
things out, kind of, explain what it is I wanted other people to
do and myself included sometimes too and then have that be implemented.
So, the more I did that, the more I said, "You know what? Design
is probably, it's been the funnest part of my job. It's the thing that
has the least debugging, which, I hate debugging." Debugging is
when you have to, like, figure out the small little tiny portion wrong
with your code, you know, and it could be, like, hidden in, you know,
thousands and thousands of lines of code, you know, I hate those
things. So, designers, they do the funnest part of the job without
all of the negative benefits of finding small areas that could take
such a long time.